Ah, you'd better go back
No I want to be with you
But it's going to be dangerous
So be it.
In a while, you will see that the timing is not right.
Just run away
Follow all the way
The scenery here is beautiful
Why don't you stay here forever?
You're pretty good at finding a place for yourself
Did you bring these two?
How can you kill your wife?
I will kill you today
Surprise my father and kill him
Humph
Kill these two stinky fish
It will only dirty the hands of Miss Nanjing University
Presumptuous I am the 13th silver killer of the Four Seasons Building
You have arrived at the ninth level of the pair of Wujin
Why experience a small breakthrough?
Tell you are you ready to die?
You seduced me into four small realms
I'm not a local chicken to be slaughtered by you
The little ant always fantasizes about defeating the dragon
It's ridiculous